# Online-Book-Store
In this project, we made a desktop application where users can sign up and buy products in different categories. Two types of users can enter the application, the first is the customer login and the other is the admin login. If the customer has a registered account, they can log in to the application, if they do not have an account, they can create a new account by clicking the "create an account" text. When logging in to the application, you can see the username and name at the top left, access the day date and time information at the bottom left, and log out with the "logout" button if desired. At the same time, the customer can switch between 3 different categories (books, magazines, music/cd) and click on the image of the product they want, access the detailed information about the product on the pop-up screen, and add as many products as they want to the shopping cart. If he/she cannot find the desired product in any category, he/she can search for the product name and access that product using the "Search Button". It can be displayed in the shopping cart with the "My Cart" button on the left panel. He/she can see the products he added to his/her cart in a list box and can remove the product from his/her cart by double-clicking on the product he/she wants to remove from his/her cart. He/she can see the total amount of his/her basket at the bottom right, and he/she can delete all the products in his/her basket with the "delete all products" button, and his/her can buy the products in his/her basket with the "buy" button. The invoice containing the purchased products is sent to the user via e-mail. If an admin log in, in addition to everything the customer can do, they can add and remove products to any category they want through the "admin panel", update the product they want, and with the "clear" button, they can delete the text boxes containing the information about the product they have created.
